# AirplaneSeating
import java.util.Scanner ; /**  * The AirplaneSeating program asks the user for the seat they would like to reserve.  * A layout of the plane is printed and an X is placed in the reserved seat.  The   * program finds if the seat is available and if the entry is valid.  A sentinel of q  * ends the program.  *  * @author Quang Pham  * @version Module8, Lab 2, 4/1/20  *   *    Algorithm:  *      *    1. Greet user and ask which seat they would like to reserve.  *    2. Print a layout of the plane and the seats available.   *    3. Put an X in the position where the user would like to reserve.  *    4. Loop and ask if they'd like to reserve another seat.  *    5. Make certain seat is available and the entry is valid, if sentinel q  *       is entered, exit program.  *      *    Problem Description:  *      *    Write a program to assign passenger's seats in a small airplane.  Assume the   *    plane has its seats numbered as follows:  *  *   Row  *    1   A B  C D    *    2   A B  C D  *    3   A B  C D  *    4   A B  C D  *    5   A B  C D  *    6   A B  C D  *    7   A B  C D  *  *          You should verify that the user enters rows between 1 and 7 only, and  *     columns A, B, C, or D only.  If the user enters an entry that is invalid,  *     print an error message telling them what's wrong, then prompt for the next  *     entry.  Model the seats in the plane using a multi-dimensional array with  *     seven rows and four columns.  Use a loop in your program which continues to  *     prompt for a seat to reserve until either the user specifies a sentinel to  *     stop the program, or when all seats are reserved.  *          After each entry from the user, the program should display the seat  *     reservation pattern, with an 'X' marking the seats already assigned. For   *     example, after seats 1A, 2B, and 4C are reserved, the display might show   *     the following:  *  *  Row  *    1   X B  C D  *    2   A X  C D  *    3   A B  C D  *    4   A B  X D  *    5   A B  C D  *    6   A B  C D  *    7   A B  C D  *  *       There are 25 seats available.  This continues until either all seats are  *  filled or the user enters a sentinel indicating that he/she is done entering  *  reservations.  If the user tries to reserve a seat which is already taken, the  *  program should say that that seat is occupied and ask for another choice.  *       Submit program files for all classes, as well as a print screen or screen  *  snip showing what your screen looks like after 4 or 5 seats have been assigned.  *  Be sure to demonstrate what happens when the user tries to reserve a seat that  *  is already taken or specifies an invalid seat (for example, 9A or 5E).  */
